Added pull request template (#81)
SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend: .github/pull_request_template.md

Closes <!-- issue reference -->

## Type of change

- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes a bug)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Refactoring (only inner code structure was changed)

> - [ ] Documentation update (no code change was made)

Reviewer: Are these explanations in parenthesis really necessary?
I'd either incorporate them into the text or drop them entirely.

Author: It makes them more clear, don't you think?

Reviewer 2: No, actually there are only for us and I think we know what their meaning is

Author: I removed the whole section.

-   [ ] CI/CD

> -   [ ] Miscellaneous

Reviewer 2: Is this necessary as the branch prefix / issue should already determine the type?!

Author: While the branch and issue might communicate this already, it's the first thing that the reviewer sees and if it doesn't correspond to the issue type or branch prefix, it communicates what the author thinks it is.

e.g. a breaking change can have a `feat/` prefix and a feature issue type.

Reviewer 2: But why should the author think it is something different?

Author: The author of the PR is not always the author of the issue, e.g. when a missing feature is recognized as a bug.

I see your point, from experience, I would say that this is just the first thing you read as a reviewer, and therefore you see all the necessary information directly. Do you think it is too much or unnecessary?

Reviewer 2: I agree and see now, why you could add this section to a PR template. But I think our team is so small, if you are unsure or think that the type of PR doesn't match the type of the issue, we can communicate this.
But if you want, we can leave it in, in the end it is one tick and hardly any effort (so if @luca-schlecker doesn't want to add something, please close this conversation).

Author: I removed the whole section.

## What I have made

<!-- write down what changes have been made, what was removed/added -->
<!-- e.g. I added a new route called x, it has the parameters y and z -->

## Checklist

> Either tick or cross out the items that do not apply (using \~\~example text\~\~) and give a reason why the item does not apply.

Reviewer: Is there a reason for having to cross something out instead of just leaving it unticked?

Author: unticked seems more like it wasn't done/was forgotten, crossed out communicates that it was left out deliberately (with reasoning).

Reviewer: Ok with me 👍

> -   [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
>     -   [ ] unit tests
>     -   [ ] integration tests
>     -   [ ] end-to-end tests
> -   [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have followed the coding guidelines and style
- [ ] I have updated the documentation (README.md, API documentation, general documentation) and commented my code 
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
    -   [ ] unit tests
    -   [ ] integration tests
    -   [ ] end-to-end tests
 - [ ] (for reviewer): I have checked the implemented functionality against the requirements
```

Author: This was due to the prettier config, I changed it.

Reviewer 2: Not only changed the indentation, but added other cases. What to you think of them?

Author: The coding style is enforced by the CI, and therefore I think it's not necessary to ask for them explicitly.
I like the rest, what do you mean with API documentation? Internal API?
